Added recipe to have an interactive shell when using docker (#1967)
plone/documentation: docs/install/containers/recipes/index.md

The above command assumes that the service that runs the Plone instance is named `backend`.
Otherwise replace `backend` with your container's name.

## Interactive shell for debugging

When developing or troubleshooting Plone applications in Docker containers, you may need an interactive Python shell with the Plone environment loaded.

> This is the Docker equivalent of the `bin/instance debug` command used in traditional Plone installations.

Reviewer: There are multiple traditions for how to install Plone. It'd be clearer to say buildout-based instead of traditional.

Note, we already have documentation for doing this outside the context of a Docker container in https://6.docs.plone.org/admin-guide/run-plone.html#run-a-debug-console where we call it a debug console rather than an interactive shell. I don't care what we call it but we should be consistent.

> ### Using docker exec

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### `docker exec`
```

> If you have a running Plone container, you can start an interactive shell using `docker exec`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In a running Plone container, start an interactive shell using `docker exec` by substituting the name of your backend container for `BACKEND_CONTAINER_NAME` in the following command.
```

```shell

> docker exec -it <container_name> /bin/bash

Reviewer 2: docker exec -it <container_name> /bin/bash

```suggestion
docker exec -it BACKEND_CONTAINER_NAME /bin/bash
```

```

> Once inside the container, you can start the Plone debug console:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once inside the container, start the Plone debug console.
```

```shell

> bin/instance debug

Reviewer 2: I think there's a step missing before this one. I followed the instructions in https://6.docs.plone.org/install/containers/index.html through "Access your Plone site" to set up the containers. The `bin` directory has all the usual Plone stuff, but no `instance`.

```shell
docker exec -it plone6-backend /bin/bash
root@9ae16356b1a2:/app# bin/instance debug
bash: bin/instance: No such file or directory
```

Reviewer: Within the plone-backend container, the correct command is `./docker-entrypoint.sh console`, not `bin/instance debug`. `bin/instance debug` would only work with a buildout-based installation, which the plone-backend container does not use.

```

> ### Using docker run

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### `docker run`
```

> Alternatively, you can start a new container instance specifically for debugging:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternatively, start a new container instance specifically for debugging.
```

```shell
docker run -it --rm plone/plone-backend:{PLONE_BACKEND_MINOR_VERSION} /bin/bash
```

> Then start the debug console:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then start the debug console.
```

```shell

> bin/instance debug

Reviewer 2: See previous comment. I have no `bin/instance`.

```

> ### Using Docker Compose

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### `docker compose`
```

> If you're using Docker Compose, you can run an interactive shell with:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With `docker compose`, run an interactive shell with the following command.
```

```shell
docker compose exec backend /bin/bash
```

> Then start the debug console:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then start the debug console.
```

```shell
bin/instance debug
```

> Or run it directly in one command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Or run it directly in one command.
```

```shell
docker compose exec backend bin/instance debug
```

> ### Accessing the Plone site

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Access the Plone site
```

> Once in the debug console, you can access your Plone site and perform debugging operations:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once in the debug console, you can access your Plone site and perform debugging operations.
```

Reviewer: This information isn't specific to a console that was started in a container. It should go under https://6.docs.plone.org/admin-guide/run-plone.html#run-a-debug-console instead.

```python
# Access the root application
app = self.app

> # Access your Plone site (replace 'Plone' with your site ID)
> site = app['Plone']
> 
> # Access content
> folder = site['my-folder']
> item = folder['my-item']

Reviewer 2: Assume code uses Black formatting.

```suggestion
# Access your Plone site (replace "Plone" with your site ID)
site = app["Plone"]

# Access content
folder = site["my-folder"]
item = folder["my-item"]
```

# Set up a fake request for testing
from Testing.makerequest import makerequest
from zope.globalrequest import setRequest

app = makerequest(app)
setRequest(app.REQUEST)
```

> ### Exiting the debug console

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Exit the debug console
```
